docs: add DevDb tip to database management documentation (#7084)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/usage/database-management.md

If you’d like to use a GUI database client, you’ll need the right connection details and there may even be a command to launch it for you:

> !!!tip "If you’re using VS Code or any of its forks (Cursor, Windsurf, etc.)" You can use [DevDb]([url](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=damms005.devdb)) extension to access your database right inside the IDE.

Reviewer: Fix the tip formatting with the extension link:

```suggestion
!!!tip "If you’re using VS Code or any of its forks (Cursor, Windsurf, etc.)"
    You can use the [DevDb](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=damms005.devdb) extension to access your database right inside the IDE.
```

    * Choose a static [`host_db_port`](../configuration/config.md#host_db_port) setting for your project. For example `host_db_port: 59002` (each project’s database port should be different if you’re running more than one project at a time). Use [`ddev start`](../usage/commands.md#start) for it to take effect.
    * Use the “database” tool to create a source from “localhost”, with the proper type `mysql` or `postgresql` and the port you chose, username `db` + password `db`.
    * Explore away!

> * If you’re using VS Code or any of its forks (Cursor, Windsurf, etc.), you can use the [DevDb](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=damms005.devdb) extension to access your database right inside the IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you're working with VS Code or any of its forks (Cursor, Windsurf, etc.), the [DevDb](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=damms005.devdb) lets you access your database directly inside the editor.
```
